BZ1891361: Added note block about vSphere volume is not deleted after  the cluster is destroyed (#42447)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_vsphere/uninstalling-cluster-vsphere-installer-provisioned.adoc

You can remove a cluster that you deployed in your VMware vSphere instance by using installer-provisioned infrastructure.

[NOTE]
====

> Using `openshift-install destroy cluster`, vSphere volumes are not automatically deleted during {product-title} uninstallation. Cluster administrator must manually find vSphere volumes and delete them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run the `openshift-install destroy cluster` command to uninstall {product-title}, vSphere volumes are not automatically deleted. The cluster administrator must manually find the vSphere volumes and delete them.
```

Author: @kalexand-rh Fixed. Thanks for the suggestion.
